Fill symfony/messenger bridge documentation (#146)
yokai-php/batch-src: docs/docs/bridges/symfony-messenger.rst

Bridge with ``symfony/messenger``
============================================================

> See `official documentation <https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html>`__ on Symfony's website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the `official documentation <https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html>`__ on Symfony's website.
```

.. seealso::
   | :doc:`What is a job launcher? </core-concepts/job-launcher>`
   | :doc:`Getting started with Symfony Framework </getting-started/with-symfony>`
   | :doc:`Bridge with Symfony Framework </bridges/symfony-framework>`

Dispatch item with messenger writer
------------------------------------------------------------

> | This item writer will dispatch every item in Symfony's messenger bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This item writer will dispatches each item through Symfony's messenger bus.
```
